Albert Einstein

“Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world.” 

“The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.” 

“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.” 

“Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.” 

“The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth.” 

Isaac Newton

“If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.” 

“Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things.” 

“I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore … whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.” 

“My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.” 

“No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess.” 

Galileo Galilei

“In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.” 

“I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect had intended us to forgo their use.” 

“All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.” 

“The Bible shows the way to go to heaven, not the way the heavens go.” 

“Philosophy is written in that great book which ever lies before our eyes— I mean the universe — but we cannot understand it if we do not first learn the language and grasp the symbols in which it is written.” 

Nikola Tesla

“Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born.” 

“Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.” 

“The day science begins to study non‐physical phenomena, it will make more progress in one decade than in all the previous centuries of its existence.” 

“My brain is only a receiver, in the Universe there is a core from which we obtain knowledge, strength and inspiration.” 

“I could only achieve success in my life through self-discipline, and I applied it until my wish and my will became one.” 

Marie Curie

“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.” 

“Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.” 

“Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.” 

“One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.” 

“Sometimes I had to spend a whole day mixing a boiling mass with a heavy iron rod nearly as large as myself. I would be broken with fatigue at the day's end.” 

Louis Pasteur

“In the fields of observation chance favors only the prepared mind.” 

“Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world.” 

“Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.” 

“The more I study nature, the more I stand amazed at the work of the Creator.” 

“A little science distances one from God, but much science leads one back to Him.” 

Blaise Pascal

“All men seek happiness. This is without exception. Whatever different means they employ, they all tend to this end.” 

“When one does not love too much, one does not love enough.” 

“Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it.” 

“I know not who put me into the world, nor what the world is, nor what I myself am. … I am in terrible ignorance of everything.” 

“We are usually convinced more easily by reasons we have found ourselves than by those which have occurred to others.” 

Max Planck

“Science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature. And that is because, in the last analysis, we ourselves are a part of the mystery that we are trying to solve.” 

“A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.” 

“A scientist is happy, not in resting on his attainments but in the steady acquisition of fresh knowledge.” 

“An experiment is a question which science poses to Nature, and a measurement is the recording of Nature’s answer.” 

“There is no matter as such. All matter originates and exists only by virtue of a force … We must assume behind this force the existence of a conscious and intelligent Mind.” 

Francis Collins

“The God of the Bible is also the God of the genome. He can be worshipped in the cathedral or in the laboratory.” 

“If God is real, and I believe he is, then he is outside of nature. He is, therefore, not limited by the laws of nature in the way that we are.” 

“When you look from the perspective of a scientist at the universe, it looks as if it knew we were coming.” 

“Wisdom is of course knowledge, but it’s not just knowledge, it's also understanding it has a moral character to it.” 

“Will we turn our backs on science because it is perceived as a threat to God … or turn our backs on faith, concluding that science has rendered the 

Georges Lemaître

“Scientific progress is the discovery of a more and more comprehensive simplicity. The previous successes give us confidence in the future of science.” 

“I was interested in truth from the point of view of salvation just as much as in truth from the point of view of scientific certainty. It appeared to me that there were two paths to truth, and I decided to follow both of them.” 

“Standing on a well-chilled cinder, we see the slow fading of the suns, and we try to recall the vanished brilliance of the origin of worlds.” 

C. S. Lewis

“To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. … But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable.” 

“There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.” 

“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” 

“Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it’s thinking of yourself less.” 

“Friendship … is born at the moment when one man says to another ‘What! You too? I thought that no one but myself…’” 

J. R. R. Tolkien

“All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost; The old that is strong does not wither, Deep roots are not reached by the frost.” 

“It’s a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don’t keep your feet, there’s no knowing where you might be swept off to.” 

“The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.” 

“The greatest adventure is what lies ahead. Today and tomorrow are yet to be said. The chances, the changes are all yours to make.” 

“I have found that it is the small everyday deed of ordinary folks that keep the darkness at bay. Small acts of kindness and love.” 

